Hi, I'm Lee Labrada from Labrada Nutrition.
I'm here to give you some tips on vascularization.
What it is, and how you get it.
All of our tips are for different physiques, the tip today is for advanced bodybuilders.
look for other tips for beginners or fond of fitness on our website.
So let's start talking about vascularization.
What is vascularization? Vascularization is a term where the condition where a bodybuilder
has its veins appearing clearly on the skin and is something that adds an additional detail about the physical
and this is a hallmark of advanced bodybuilders, this comes with time, with muscular maturity, years of training.
There are some criteria that determine how much vascularity you will have.
One of these factors is unfortunately genetics.
So you have to have the right parent.
But there are things you can do, no matter what to increase vascularity
the veins jump out, as they say, if this is something you want to add to your physique.
One of the most important things is the type of workout you have.
I think it's very important that you train hard and train intensely
because when you do this, the muscles are pressed and with that muscular stress the blood pressure increases
the veins expand which make them larger and more visible.
So the workout you are doing is very important, heavy and intense will bring about vascularization.
low repetitions, 6 reps, heavy weights and then second, at the end of a heavy workout
you should do at least one series where you do high repetitions
so let's say something between 15 and 20 repetitions.
So let's get biceps as an example.
I make my thong with a lot of weight, of 6 to 8 repetitions, ensuring that I have difficulty completing the last ones
even forcing a few more reps with my training partner
so when I finish doing this series with the heavyweights, I go to a lighter weight
and with this lighter weight, I do another 15 or 20 repetitions to flood the area with blood and bring vascularization.
and what I do after finishing the exercise are some isometric contractions.
and isometric contractions basically means holding the muscles under tension using a resistance to it.
So in other words if I am training my biceps at the end of the biceps workout
I brake my biceps in this way and I hold and force against my other arm as hard as I can
and you can already see the veins jumping out.
And it's the same with the triceps, when I train triceps I basically hold the triceps and secure that contraction.
Now, professional bodybuilders know how to do it instinctively because when they compete
they are always posing.
The most powerful weapon in terms of bringing this vascularization is to use a nitric oxide supplement
You take these supplements before training, and our product is called "Super Charge"
and what I have discovered is that using a good NO helps blood circulation in muscles
increasing the arteries and veins and that is not something that will happen only during training
but also uses the vascular apparatus to become more apparent.
Look, you can see that the veins are well bounced.
Let's talk about some nutritional aspects that you must do to bring about this vascularization
Diet is very important if you only eat junk or else have a diet with high fat value
has a high amount in simple carbohydrates, or even very high in carbohydrates
basically you're going to look fat and stuffed
and no matter what you do, it will not look vascularized
so the diet is very important, we will see my kettle in the next tips to discover with a feeding of being
For now I tell you to eat 6 small meals a day
with high protein value, low to moderate value in complex carbohydrates, and low in fat.
this helps to bring vascularization, burn fat and does not put too many carbohydrates that does not make you bloated
another thing you can do is have a good nitric oxide supplement, of course I like the "Super Charge"
and what I discovered is using a product like this is easier to bring about these vascularization.
Nitric Oxide opens the arteries, veins, increases blood circulation and thereby a vascularized appearance.
http://twitter.com/#pain_and_iron